Who is Gringer?
Well, I'm Lord Dragon
I just called.
Li Shengqiang is going to rape me
Don't bite me, man
I just brought my brothers here to spend
You said I was going to rape you
Do you have any evidence?
You, take out the evidence?
You show the evidence
Take it out, who said there is no evidence?
This is all surveillance
How do you want to deny it?
Take away
Let's go ok boy
Are you sincerely having trouble with me?
You wait for me, come back, come back
Go and destroy the computer and the accelerator quickly
Hey.
No ecstasy now
Happy don't move
Bring it, hey, hey, this is government affairs
Until the investigation is clear
All kept by the guards
Hey haha sir
This must be a misunderstanding. Can you please forgive me?
Cut me some slack.
Take it all away
It's not that you can't take it away.
Go, be honest, go, go, hurry up
The storage bag teacher explained the content in the computer
I can get you to be a tainted witness. Ouch Ryosan
I'm a delivery guy.
Why are you embarrassing me?
Storage wind, I'm giving you a chance
Without you
I can also check the contents of the computer
Once I figure it out
You can't escape
Xiaoyun 75 Young Master